I'm sick of this life, I just wanna scream, how could this happen to me? - Simple plan
Thank goodness we're to Resolution Weekend, college football. I'm sick of basically all your arguments. We need some peace, you and I.
Today was sick :)) Leo and Charlie are two of the nicest people I've met and doing amazing things, alot of love x @BarsAndMelody - ryan
i've just heard meghan trainor is nominated for a grammy and the boys arent??????????? is this some kind of sick joke??????????
Do you know how hard it is to work out when you're worried sick wondering what your beloved Nate is up to??
"im so fukcing sick of these pretentious asses saying they love the 1975 5sos etc. bc they think it makes them seem cool lol no"
getting so sick and tired of ppl tweeting out info like hotel and flight because thats a major reason why the boys get mobbed
I will always help out a person who gives me respect & actually appreciates my help, i'm sick of people using me for rts, thats over now.
because the poor, sick and disabled cannot take another 5 years of such heartless policies that will destroy their lives.
sick fix up with the song! thanks! :) looking forward to doing the song with you in a few weeks ;)
I'm so sick of being unhappy with my body. It's time for big changes.
I will never get sick of Harry Potter.
Like so many people on twitter pretend to be nice ONLY to get people to like them. And it makes me sick, because thats being fake.
Thanks to a coworker who is dope sick I get to fulfill the life long dream of mine to work a 13 hour shift.
Wondering how many kids need to pass away to bullying before our society realizes they should stop.. Makes me sick 
don't get me wrong, this world is beautiful but the people are sick
I feel sick. Brian Sinclair suffered 34 hours of racist-induced torture and neglect which killed him.
I'm so sick of being let down and disappointed by people
I AM SICK AND TIRED OF YOUR ATTITUDE!
chills everywhere  and it's because of this cold weather 
my room is so cold
so cold
Holy Fraggles is it cold out there!
hope ur prepared for how cold the uk is right now
Just dumb lol.. It's cold af out here
Downside to living in the countryside.... when it gets cold OMG IT'S COLD! Had to put the heated blanket on my bed.
haha sick, was this at the Hilton where the event is at? Never had that all the years i went! haha
apple chargers are actually complete shit & I'm sick of having to buy a new one every month
I'm really sick of everything I think of about myself making me just give up on everything
yeah sick of fuckin noodles
All these sick ass people need to stay away from me
I'm so frustrated I'm sick of everything going wrong in my life
I can't stand happy couples." Makes me sick :')
I'm sick of seeing privileged white kids talk about cops n race if u ain't experience it how u gone preach it
Japanese work ethic tested, how high of a fever will you run before calling in sick?
said im so sick of love songs
Harsh flu season ahead for Oregon and Washington: A harsh flu season could hit Oregon and Washington because the… http://
Government Pays Compensation to 80 Flu Vaccine Injuries and Deaths in 3 Month Period
This Year's #Flu Vaccine Only 50% Effective, US CDC says - the virus has changed & it's too late to make new vaccine
Why are we getting CNN Twitter updates on Obama's sore throat? It's flu season. Why?!
Danger in the cold and flu aisle: How to stay safe
Michael Clifford follow me or I will give you the flu!
Great list of natural immune boosters for kids.  File away for cold and flu season. 
CDC: #Flu shot less effective this year. #Virus has mutated
@CDCgov says #flu shots may not be good match for 2014-15 virus http://
IMPORTANT: The #flu can be FATAL! Get your vaccine TODAY to help reduce the number of cases & deaths
RT! Getting a #flu shot & following basic hygiene practices can keep you from getting sick, and keep those around you from getting sick too.
Preparing for #flu season (The Compass, Carbonear, NL - 02Dec2014): 
Be prepared for a brutal #flu season, #CDC says
Increases in #flu activity across the U.S. are expected to continue in the coming weeks. Remember to #getafluvax!
Fifteen Facts to Fight #Flu Naturally - Jill Carnahan, MD. #Health
Still need a flu shot? Tarrant County Public Health is offering vaccines ($25) at these locations:
Why grandma's chicken soup is good for you.  4 foods to beat #cold and #flu symptoms
@GolfChannel Steve Stricker could have had the flu and no one would have known. GC has an excuse set up in case he shoots 77 
tmw.
Flu shot time. (@ Super Target in Broadview, IL)
Feeling flu or cold symptoms lurking? Grab a BANa to stay hydrated and fight off sickness before it happens.
Just some motivation for tomorrow. It's snowing and looks like I will have a cold ride...
Days are cold living without u
My mom is like omg its so cold
It's cold outsideeeee!!
I'm so cold 
i want some cold stones ice cream
WHY IS CHIPOTLE COLD INSIDE
Rainy cold weather is the best for movies
Should have brought some gloves. Its cold as fuck out here.
wth am i going to wear tomorrow because it's so cold
I cannot believe how cold I feel!
Puppy fever
Cabin fever
My gay cousin said this jungle fever you got is like Ebola we all go thru this phase
This cabin fever is getting to me
Going all Saturday night fever in Chelmsford tonight
I have baby fever
Bieber fever
Remember when we were all diagnosed with Bieber fever ? Lol
The cold never bothered me anyway